docs(zkstack_cli): update docs to mention foundry zksync (#3134)
matter-labs/zksync-era: docs/guides/advanced/01_initialization.md

Now let's take a look at what's inside:

### Initialization

Let's take a deeper look into what `zkstack ecosystem init` does.

#### ZK Stack CLI

`zkstack` itself is implemented in Rust (you can see the code in `/zkstack_cli` directory). If you change anything
there, make sure to run `zkstackup --local` from the root folder (that compiles and installs this code), before
re-running any `zkstack` command.

#### Containers

> As first step, running `zkstack containers` gets the docker images for postgres and reth. If the `--observability`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step to initialize a ZK Stack ecosystem is to run the command `zkstack containers`. This command gets the docker images for `postgres` and `reth`. If the `--observability`
```

option is passed to the command, or the corresponding option is selected in the interactive prompt, then Prometheus,
Grafana and other observability-related images are downloaded and run.

Reth (one of the Ethereum clients) will be used to setup our own copy of L1 chain (that our local ZKsync would use).

Postgres is one of the two databases, that is used by ZKsync (the other one is RocksDB). Currently most of the data is
stored in postgres (blocks, transactions etc) - while RocksDB is only storing the state (Tree & Map) - and it used by
VM.

#### Ecosystem

> Then, running `zkstack ecosystem init`:.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to run the command `zkstack ecosystem init`.

This command:
```

VM.

Then we compile JS packages (these include our web3 sdk, tools and testing infrastructure).
#### Ecosystem

Then L1 & L2 contracts.
Then, running `zkstack ecosystem init`:.

And now we're ready to start setting up the system.
- Collects and finalize the ecosystem configuration.
- Builds and deploys L1 & L2 contracts.
- Initialize each chain defined in the `/chains` folder. (Currently, a single chain `era` is defined there, but you can
  create your own chains running `zkstack chain create`).
- Sets up observability.
- Runs the genesis process.
- Initializes the database.

#### Postgres

First - postgres database: you'll be able to see something like

```
DATABASE_URL = postgres://postgres:notsecurepassword@localhost/zksync_local
```

After which we setup the schema (lots of lines with `Applied XX`).

You can try connecting to postgres now, to see what's inside:

```shell
psql postgres://postgres:notsecurepassword@localhost/zksync_local
```

(and then commands like `\dt` to see the tables, `\d TABLE_NAME` to see the schema, and `select * from XX` to see the
contents).

As our network has just started, the database would be quite empty.

> 

Reviewer 2: let's keep this part, just give a hint where to find secrets for postgres
